Then I'll just ********
some more.
So you feeling a little
bit better.
Stand up manage that.
What was your question say?
You're a little bit crook on the
weekend, is that right? No, no
there were. It came up OK, you
know. I was fine on the weekend.
OK alright, so thank you Shannon
for your help and everyone else.
Everyone happy with that script.
Yeah, yeah, I did a quick break
through it and it was pretty
good. Like is that there's a.
There's a lot more than I
thought they would be so that's
pretty good as well.
Struggle for torn, but I do have
an up tempo read out of it and
it ended 6 1/2 minutes. Yeah,
probably cut some stuff out.
Yeah yeah. Well it's it's always
better to cut stuff out then
sort of rushed to get more
later. Here we've got more than
enough content already there. So
yeah, the stuff that we can use
it to do a second like
presentation here. So this.
Yeah, we can have like extended
cut like it 'cause it seems like
great moron. Are you doing
random? Sometimes thinking,
so that's all we do it like
a 7 minute thing. Just over
elaborate. Then have a
blooper reel.
Like a 7 minute thing like
all that so long but look
they went to that whole
effort to do 424 minute
video.
The The thing is like with a lot
of like. Like product demos and
that they try to make him as
quick and to the point as
possible, but I feel like if we
did do that, it might be a
little bit. Like it might fall a
bit short. So maybe it's
better just to do a little
bit more than normal.
That way we missed it in one.
Yeah.
Previous updates.
Story board for assessment fine
yeah, I updated some of
those skills job applications so
so I added a.
Like a marketing person and
also a project manager and I
might flesh those out a bit
more later as well.
Look, I looked over 102.
I tried to make it really
similar to. Um?
But like seek job ads look like
and all that kind of stuff, but
I don't know if they want a
little bit more from that. A lot
probably go over the rubric
again. See if I can add
anything to it.
I think I get it. I do want to
look like an actual ad, yeah,
but we can make it look bright
and flashy. So maybe maybe I
could make like a like a
letterhead like a fighting
Mongoose letterhead and stuff.
And maybe we can do.
Do you like salaries as well?
That way we can incorporate it
in not the budget. Part of I
forget what section that was
under. Yeah, so is that under
scope or? I think that's
under the plan.
Well, we are.
There's a cost analysis section
as well. It's gotta go under.
So I can add that later, one
side once we sort of get
everything sort of move it
along there as well.
We even have to take into
account the time that was spent
on it now and push people into
roles. Yeah, I can say this is
what it costs so far, but we're
going to X amount of developers
etc etc. Yeah, hosting, yeah.
Updates to the app how much
it costs us to do a tutorial
video and how much we project
that it's going to cost us to
keep updated.
But a lot of it, we can just
make up the numbers.
Yeah, yeah, we're on a roll in
two 50K year salaries so.
I'm on 550 at least.
Oh man, I have to speak to
HR Department at work one
day a week.
Don't know if I'm actually
working on it.
About to call up the Fair Work
Commission on that now you
pretty you probably deserve it,
so it's all good.
He's going to be seeing you know
that I need to at least get 1.2
million dollars at least in
there. But what we need to do is
we need to let the Mr Burns like
Canary is the true boss kind of
thing, but instead it's obvious.
A Mongoose is the CEO.
How do we solve one of those?
I know, so like there's like 5
states in the US, we can
legally own a car in a
Mongoose, so we could just
find someone to buy one for us
and then relocate to the US.
I don't know. It's just like
some weird zoo keeping logs
and all that kind of stuff.
So Alternatively we could
grab a meerkat.
Put makeup. Most
people won't know.
We just can't sell insurance
that we have.
Destroying
how do I make you?
Yeah, my my perception of a
Mongoose is like a more rabid,
like Meerkat. Yeah, pretty much.
I've seen like a meerkat.
Yeah. No, stop it.
Magan X
I'm feeling a little
kind of stop.
With the testing, I'm not
exactly sure like which.
Are there other than the PDF
that Adam put up with very good?
I'm not sure like what part for
react clickable or what like
realistically, what it looks
like, so I'm not sure how to
test it in the testing section.
I'm not sure how it.
Personal is going or not going,
so I'm not sure how to kiss.
Yeah, I give you access to the
tool that I'm using to create
the interface, but for testing
we kinda gotta just make a lot
of stuff up.
Yeah, So what I'm thinking is a
lot of that, but again, if it's
too general. Oh never, Oh
yeah, I could probably help
you flesh that out like.
If you lie, so should I make up
something general and come back?
Yeah. Cool. Oh yeah, yeah, just
make something general and then
I'll come give you some notes,
maybe changing focal like if you
have names of different aspects
of the app or the 'cause that
excellent application is going
to be really complicated 'cause
it's not just one pilots
multiple parts. We've got a test
because they all come together
to provide, you know to do the
task of the app, yeah?
Seven or eight different
applications that we've got to
test. The user interface is just
one part we do like testing as a
like a survey.
So we get people to practice
with the user interface and meet
reengage how people think as
part of the testing. One part of
the testing, but nothing more
than that so they won't like
what you're called unit test
where we're just going to.
So it's part of the application
I wanted. How are we going to
test it? The back end server
will scrape Facebook correctly.
Or how we get and you know, so
that's one. And then we're going
to say on how we're going to
test that the user interface
works on these devices
accurately and reliably for them
will breakdown the testing. And
then we're going to have to say.
Or is it easy for users to use?
And? That's like that's user
based testing with the complete
Act. So then we get feedback.
This is the things that we need
to change. Yeah, so it could
turn into a bit like 1000
something where it's just a
section I'm not can't recall how
many words they want it to be
like if they could you know how
in each section they said that
they expected paragraph. Yes,
for testing they said they
expected at least one, but.
Yeah, keep it to three at
maximum. We could just
have a paragraph for each
sort of test that we do.
Section that we're testing so
we can break it down again.
We're gonna run this test
this test, this test. This is
how we're gonna do it. That's
one paragraph. And then to
the user interface. Blah blah
blah. Then we're gonna be
group testing to see how they
like the application an.
I think they just put like
one at least one paragraph
there just so people don't
do like lazy dot points.
Yeah, and the.
Find Frank Wesley
Math is wrong.
In math, yes. So they said,
imagine. You have the time that
you do have for this project,
and at six weeks when in reality
we only have 5.
Did you know we got this
station?
Not including the the.
Sorry, but the Sunday we had in
the last one.
The end of the course. They say
it's only five yeah, and so they
said OK. With that in mind, add
another 10 weeks with people.
So the Max isn't.
I'm not sure whether to make it
15 or 16, but like even not that
included, I'm not will have to
ask him because we don't have
another crossword asking.
Yeah.
So if we say 15 or 16 weeks, I
don't think so. Yeah, seeing as
they definitely said, add 10 to
the amount that you currently
have, which is 5, so I'd
probably go with 15 and then.
It's asking too.
If you had that fan, how
would you allocate the time
with these imbalances?
And again, I don't know enough
to write it, really.
I know what we've done so
far with my dad.
So they're asking for a project
online, but we have individual
roles. So basically they want
you to do that online for a
project plan like actual project
Managers Project plan, which is
going to say OK, I'm signing
this person, this person and
this person to this task.
They've got six hours to deliver
that and then.
You can do that in.
Project Microsoft project.
That are marks.
OK second link into tools
and technology as well, so I
guess I guess I'm what I'm
asking is example actually?
But you will need to
know more about the.
'cause I don't know how
to make it.
One who's making
the interface or.
Not sure what to write in
the later weeks.
Like his. I can write the
preparation.
How could I be here and we want?
Flesh it out. We could have a
lot of meetings pass out, but
I'll look and then we re start
making yet and I don't know how
to do that so I don't know what
to write pass. We wait.
No.
I just started with what we're
doing now and then we can just
make it up I guess.
Or I can help you do that
one as well when I'm
updating the testing stuff.
To say how long each test is
gonna be, so I could give you
a rough idea on how long
exception could take.
I mean, I could say that the
last week is testing and
marketing for the last who's
testing in marketing.
Coming up with the user
interface.
Probably 2 weeks
for the testing.
Maybe I have to think about it
some nights pretty soon
tomorrow. Workout sometimes.
Well, I'll I'll come up.
Wait?
Some ideas of my own so
that we can.
Just trying to find an
example of what they're
expecting it to look like.
Yeah.
Copy it to the conversation.
I am.
So you use a Microsoft project.
To make that and then you can
export that straight into word.
Microsoft project.
I could do otherwise, but I I
think we should do it that way,
'cause I believe that's what
they're expecting. It
looks good.
Yes, and easier than making a
spreadsheet I guess, and there's
some good ideas in there anyway.
Awesome, clear, easy to read.
There's some things
I can bounce off of.
So even now riding their report
in the project ideas, they can
go on that as well.
Yeah, what the feasibility
section. The market analysis
we've got to do that and the
cost estimates. Yeah.
Now that's great.
So let's see concept
development. Then we go into
system design, detailed
design testing, define
produce and then other.
Celebrations.
That's a great start.
Thank you love.
Anything else? Do we have any
other deliverables we need to
check the progressive.
Well, I have a few questions,
but I'm that's like more food.
You guys are developers.
Is.
In that section where it says.
You guys are here.
I'm sorry like the the project
overview, the landscape where it
says what similar system or
products are available. So I've
been looking at like.
Similar apps that will do what
what app will do, but um.
Yeah, well yeah, but like
obviously like the the ones
that I've looked like they
kind of do the same what abt
us, but they do more things.
App Yeah, app is not an
antivirus right? It's just more
like. Diagnose, it has only
just. Facebook takes that
security, yeah?
It's gonna look collected
antivirus program but it's not.
Yeah, so maybe we could never
say yeah paid for pro feature
when they pay 299 a month.
Gary.
So we could make money.
So I don't know how to
compare the app. I mean I
don't know to what I can
compare it, because like all
the other apps do the same
but they do actually more
have more functions of what
our app does.
Yeah they do. Yeah so I.
Oh, they check basically.
Outlook.
What did you look at?
Actually do.
In principle, what else is
doing that, like they may say
they protect your identity,
but they're not protecting it
on social media.
I think this is Mike.
Rather than rather than
preventing your daughter.
Like you.
What time, end user VPN or they
may make you?
She's H TTPS when you're
browsing websites, or they
may scan your emails for
things that you shouldn't be
sending, but if you still go
on Facebook and allow
Facebook for user
information.
How they want? Sorry,
the difference between
you could explain that.
I didn't see it. I do these
things, but I don't do what our
app does. They do not.
Sorry you have face.
So it's just yeah.
About your plan.
So we're just going to focus on
Facebook, right? Nothing else,
not like Twitter. Or put it in
the Skype that we might add
those platforms later. But yeah,
I think for simplicity it's
probably best to stick with
Facebook for now Facebook.
As it is so widely used and
people have a lot of high
school concerns.
But yeah, if it says no apps, it
doesn't. Thinking that ours does
and they do slightly.
Like he said, explained that he
should have a program that they
say protects Kansas social
media, but just looking at it
all it does is make sure you
don't have spyware any machine.
I do have something on
my through.
Free my security system, but I
think it just makes me look
different. People accessing my
data. It doesn't prevent them
from accessing it, so all that's
doing is stopping Facebook from
getting deep this.
I'm only stopping it from
getting up personal details
out of your browser, which
you can't anyway, but they're
making that claim.
It's it scans links that you get
sick by people on Facebook to
make sure it's not a malicious
link. So while it is
protecting you on social
media, it's not protecting
you from how Facebook is
using your information that
you've given them and
protecting can mean.
From one thing that doesn't mean
you're fully protected, it means
that technically, but so in that
aspect. So absolute unique so
that they wouldn't be really
anything to compare compared to
these. To say how our app is
better, not only you know like
we don't do some of their
features, but we do one better
as we stop Facebook just abusing
your information. OK, so if
there were an app out there
that was like ours then you
would explain how it differs
and how it's similar. But
because there's not one like
ours, you explain what else
does different.
Include like addition to the
other security systems, so the
app will basically just like
throw you like a warning of like
a your data is being collected.
And then you have to take
the actions.
However, you gotta hit the start
button, have it scan it and it
will tell you if it's damned
issues. Yeah, yeah, yeah, so
you'll scan, it's not. It's not
actively going to say hey, you
just posted something public.
Did you raise your hand,
Shannon?
Yeah, accidentally I was just
gonna stand up before.
Headset up and I'm
like ready to jump.
He raised my hand and I was
like maybe that's why.
I'm trying to upload the image
that Adam sent through.
Disco show looks like I posted
that as well.
Posted the PDF only images.
It looks good.
Master that.
Just play around with it. So I
gotta add more sections to the
app, but that's just the blank
page but. In cases one
changes so so your
last question, George.
Yeah, it was just the land.
What was your last
question, sorry.
I was just at that section
on Project Overview, which
is the landscape.
Yeah, I just need to find some
apps that kind of do the same
that app is going to do.
Um, and that that question is
quite similar to the next one in
Ames. In section aims.
I've got it here.
So I think the answer is
it's not.
Got it.
Well, it says a general
overview of the project.
Basically, yeah, I'll just I'm
making a draft of that, and
then I'll upload it into
teams.
And um, yeah, you can ask and
have a look there. Also it says
there's another section with
small that says a smaller goals.
Which will be.
That what we just talk about,
like what the app is going to do
at the beginning, isn't it?
Small girls could be like little
things that we want to achieve.
Just the scan.
The app will tell you a your
privacy is being breach or
your information is being
collected or your profile is
public or something.
Press this button to
delete Facebook.
Put that in the multiplication.
Take that you're using Facebook.
Small girl.
What we want the app to work.
Ish work ish.
A small goal could also
be something like
getting like
stakeholders or
investors interested as
well getting 1000 users.
Get the small smaller goals.
Say it.
#5
so like a goal could be to have
like like 10 hours of testing
done or something. Get into bed.
Yep.
Alright, OK, I'll start
working on that then.
I'm not seeing where the
goals are.
Plans in progress, was it, yeah?
Thanks.
Raspberry.
So many little subclauses in
this one. Yeah, at the beginning
of Ames, the topic description
gives a general overview.
Paperwork.
Oh OK, so.
Brain is like that.
The app does it get better. I
put your cars in the bed.
And the smaller goals are like.
The small features that will
have to achieve the task or to
achieve the aim right?
Yeah, so it must be able to
access the privacy features on
Facebook or look at them and it
must be able to alert the user.
Also enable notifications and.
It must be able to describe what
important to the user.
For little things like that.
Help you.
It's just like a breakdown. If
your goal is to go on a walk,
then. You need to run
it on exercise clothes.
You need to put your mask on.
So that they would have all
right? Yeah, I think that's
just asking for a breakdown
like a smart goals.
Cool.
Yeah, well, that's all for me.
That's yeah, I know the
questions that I had. In
together a few users to George
can put that in there 'cause.
It was not in there that.
In the testing phase I'm hoping.
Obviously users will download an
Alpha or beta and then they can
give us information back. It's
like free testing.
Oh yeah, sure, yeah.
One of the goals would be to get
people to download so many
copies to get a good test.
Yep.
You know how you gone?
I'm I'm still working through
the risks and the tools and tech
sections I should be able to
have something in a couple of
days which I can run forward so
I can get feedback from Adam to
probably fill in a few more of
the. Like software, exact
software versions that will
be using. Do you have any
questions? What was that?
It is software that you use
for the mock up. I guess I
should put that in there.
Yeah, cool. And the one for
the testing. Should I put
was at Microsoft Project in
there as well?
Project online online.
Not going there then, I think
so like if if there's a
natural project, that would be
something, yeah, but you you
don't show the team, yeah,
would you put Microsoft Teams
and you would put you'd leave
like teams and like word out,
I probably will not be in
communications. Yeah OK
putting the tools. We use the
Microsoft Office 365. OK yeah
yeah.
Because like we would use word
in a real project to write
documentation and there's no
harm in specifying.
Yeah, this says it doesn't
need. They don't have to have
detailed descriptions about
each one, they just need a
list. Basically in a particular
section of the software. So
yeah, I can just put 'em all in
there. Yeah, just so you could
put words back. You can put
Microsoft Bracket teams project
word. Yeah, see how it looks
then and then change it after
or whatever if you don't work.
But yeah, yeah cool, I'll do
that. It's better to have it
then get penalized because we
didn't have it. Yeah, yeah,
cool.
Apple on a little bit dude,
do you put in their tools for
presentation as well?
Yeah, I think.
That it's a marketing
tool, so it would need to
be included in the whole.
In this section they do specify
movie maker, so I guess it's any
software involved so.
If I was doing like this,
sound effects and stuff, I
could say I use like Pro Tools
or something like that as
well. Yeah cool, I can
presentation section on as
well yeah?
Did you have anything else you
wanted to clarify? I found out
about the drawings before I.
Go ahead with those like did it
seem like I had the right
understands all of it? Yeah no.
Yeah seems fine there,
especially their faces.
Because what I'm going to do is.
During the cutscene of talking,
they gotta cut between the face
of 1 to the other.
And as long as there is some
kind of math formation I could
not completing the 3D Skelton
and make me out to move the
look like they're talking.
It's kind of like easy, easy
animation that fills in some
kind of contact. So far, so no
more complex.
That's all analyzed ones, yeah.
Owners have once they got.
Just yeah, just those last
remaining ones will be cool.
And so you wanted all the cows.
Yeah, you look outstanding.
Getting ******.
Box.
Define.
Yeah. Yeah.
In my head I've got. Like this
shady cow character with one
of those like Fedora hats,
Anna Cloak with red eyes
looking at a phone like that's
my idea of the background
cows, but I don't know.
If you want them to look a bit
zombie like a bit, yeah, bit
shady like yeah.
Just like their souls
sucked from using social
media for so long.
Alright peoples Tyler
yeah.
I at all looking down
at their phone, yeah.
There's a conic, right, Sir? OK,
out to be a perfect flower
blooming amongst locker,
apparent outfield. Just think if
she would change the settings so
that it's on a on a train.
Everybody on that raises like
in there, you know in their
phone, most of my probably
solve this anyway.
Cows on a train.
Comma slaughterhouse.
Facebook slaughterhouse.
Was there anything else we
needed to talk about?
Done.
No, I think we mentioned about
the spike plus stuff on on
camera. I'm reporting it. How
long do we have until it's due
just to give us an idea of what
our timelines on work?
200 is a 22 1/2.
Three Sundays time.
I think it's doing the 27
Friday I think.
So, so just to confirm with
the detailed description was
like was I doing their
communication section.
I like group processes and
communication 'cause everyone
sort of raises their hands up
and I just sort of did and I
can always go back to the
first meeting and check it
out, but I've sort of.
Yeah, let's track of what I was
doing on that one 'cause.
Yeah, I was already doing the
skills and jobs and I remember
volunteering for another one,
but I sort of forgot that was.
Are the group process is in
communications? Yeah, with
someone else doing that one? Or
was that the one I elected to
do? If you could do that one, if
you want to, we have two three
weeks, 2 weeks and three days.
Yeah, yeah. So what was that?
Was that George? I can do that
one feeling. I mean, I'm not
saying that, I'm just saying I
can do it. I seem to like I'm
just trying to remember which
one I elected to do.
Is mine is pretty easy like I'll
probably be finished like in two
days. So yeah, I don't recall.
Yeah, I'll have to go back to
the original meeting and see
what I was like.
Then there's the one where
you left a little bit
early. Shannon, yeah, and
you are happy with me
during development. The
presentation, all the
animations, nothing ever
made. It seems like you got
a good grasp on it.
Yeah, I'm gonna get into the
animation stuff tomorrow.
Like I said that so half it's a
lot of stuff I can already do
with what Adams giving me with
that and just creating other
things. And once we get Maddox
photos or finish those
animations that are in between.
How do you do some sound overs?
Get my daughter to do the
cowboy's OK I I can edit and
produce all the sound as well so
yeah so you see the storyboard.
Now I just read this script so
so I have put it on the
storyboard like music and
sound effects as well, but OK
so I can start. You can do
what you want with. It is
smaller, it's just. It's
pretty basic, like dark music
like music. Yeah, I'm not the
best, but I can sort of basic.
Is there any?
So. We wanted to sound off
with Section 3.
Sorry, what was that? I couldn't
hear you either. Do we want to
sound off which sections were
each doing so that we can make
sure that we've got the mall or
go through them and make sure?
Yeah, yeah. So.
Coming on. Page 4
find the right project.
Great yeah. Yeah, system 3.
Page 4 specifications
team profile.
Um?
I think.
Team Profile hasn't
changed, yeah, Alright, so
it's just carried out.
Yeah, going down page 5 tools.
That's Daniel.
Daniel.
Project description.
Oh my own.
Our tools at setting up
the GitHub thing, if you
read it. But yeah, yeah,
I think so. Get help.
In the tools section of the
detailed discussion, yeah
tools and technology.
Here is just the general usage.
Yes. OK, so project description.
OK, Google, turn on my razor.
Pardon.
What?
Talking to Google.
I.
I wonder if I could get
another one.
Who's doing project description?
Don't be the same as what's
already done in Assignment 2.
It was most of that stuff
crossover so far, like all
sort of assignment to react.
I think last time at the
meeting were waiting for the
assessment to come back
before we yes on this bit.
So so just need to tinker from
assignment two and. Yeah, so I
was working. There's a few
little laptop points of things I
think we need to add to it. So
like industry trends and stuff.
But it's not actually asking do
anything here, it's just guiding
us on finalizing our decision on
what our project is. Yeah, and
so that's not actually a task we
have to do.
Yeah, so I think The thing is
just adding a little bit more to
it. We farm these stop points.
OK, so moving on to overview.
Houston overview. That's me.
Cool detailed description. Going
down to Ames.
Yeah, I'm doing
my names as well.
Plans in progress.
That one we need to.
Do talk.
What was that? Sorry.
That one too as well. Plans
in progress. Yeah yeah. Plans
in progress. Yeah it is. I'll
just have to.
It is one of the bigger chunks.
I think it's like spectrum to be
like a three or four page
document, yeah? Yeah,
but I think I'll just
have to preach to each.
Each of you individually.
And I'll just.
Let me read it, sorry.
To assist George in that
section, yeah, I'll probably. I
can assist in that. Definitely
that's a very, very heavy.
Section it is 3 or 4 pages long
and you will need to kind of
pull on every single other
person. Yeah, I think there's
something we ought to put
together, so maybe we can make
like a sort of skeleton.
Like sort of thing and then we
can all sort of add whatever
we feel is necessary. So maybe
we all have to work on that
one a little bit, yeah?
Yeah, so are you too OK with
working on the skeleton? And
then we'll come back to it?
Yeah, we can create.
Online it is also you can use
sections of the time, the time
frame. Yeah like that. The
Microsoft project it will fit
into planes and.
So that's the part I'm on work.
Pass.
Yeah, you'll need to see that to
get some of your answers for all
plans in progress, and we want
someone to go along behind these
sections and proofread so we
don't have capital letters all
over the place. I say yes, I
will collect myself.
And I could be assistant
checker as well, so if you're
if from where comfort? I mean
we need to sample was like an
English teacher.
Oh yeah, doesn't mean I'm good
at English though.
It's a bit different
teaching to foreigners.
So.
Things that we found.
Sorry. The things that we've
done so far, each of the
individual stuff is any of that
uploaded to the website. I
haven't had a look, no OK, good
'cause. Well, I'll need to each
thing that's going to be updated
if we put on the website needs
to be spoken first to make it
easier. If it can go in the
draft report and somebody just
like flat, I know change the
text color to green.
Or something when it's
been proof read OK.
It's not too invasive to remove
the green later when we turning
it in. When I turned it into the
actual course, so Adam, you said
you had some ideas about what
you wanted the PDF to look like.
Yeah, you want to do you want me
to start just a plain PDF and.
Do you want?
Why should George and Daniel
working out of different
documents? Are they or?
Why don't need sections you
riding your bike tools? Yeah,
I've just got. I've got mine's
just as draft notes like on the
one on only on GitHub. I don't
know I might have seen the ones
like GitHub whatever's on
GitHub, so we have to have in
teams as well. Yeah, yeah, I got
all my drafting teams, yeah?
Even the separate documents and
then they just get proof read
and marked off when somebody
says they're done and or merged
into a draft Word document.
That would be great.
Just as long as like his last
time we had the problem, my
things would go back, get edited
and then would have to manually
hunt through and would like.
OK, so each person who has
something that there close to
finish or finished on. If you
wanna upload it to teams and tag
me in it. Yep Yep Yep Yep Yep.
I can go in highlighted green
and then Adam will see that
it's green and it's done. It's
ready to go on the website or
whoever is uploading that. So
if they finish their section,
put it on teams with the
intersection and Mattie can
grab a proofread it, drop it
into like another Word
document called the draft
report and highlighted green
in there that you finished it,
'cause you could just copy
paste, dump it in there, make
your edits and then market
green and then I'll move it to
the website from there.
The report 1st and then some
chunks of the website depending
what extra stuff we need to pay.
Yeah, and then if.
On the website doesn't require
much work because we kind of put
everything we needed in when we
did assessment. Oh cool, so
it's pretty much just swap
out. Change text dump sections
that we don't wanna keep. Yeah
I don't know do we keep
everything that's already
there?
I just had to it. Or do we
drop out like I2 technologies?
And yeah, I mean I think we
do. 'cause I know we keep a
link for our Simon too in this
to say somewhere to.
Website OK. Oh cool alright.
Anything?
I think just keep it as a
monolithic site. Yeah? Or is it
at all possible?
Is it possible to copy and paste
what we have to win?
Website. Who did?
Like this style fonts, yeah.
The text that's in it or OK,
probably if you can keep up with
God. Make a new website and
copy and paste everything and
then dump what's not needed so
we still have a copy of the
old stuff. Oh yeah, no, I
already did that, OK?
Yeah, well then. Then dump the
technologies I reckon. 'cause
then you can you can link to
the old website. Just give the
technologies and we won't need
the I team view that we did
and I don't think we're gonna
need industry data.
No.
Already one of those tables.
The new the new web URL I've
just posted. It's just an
exact clone of assignment
two at the moment.
I think that's good. 'cause
there's a couple of things
missing from it so.
So watch music.
Shannon Burke
So there's a few things
missing from the website from
the assessment too that we
can fill in with other things
for the project.
The project has so many
different clauses now. Oh
yeah, the sections that we've
gotta add, yeah, yeah.
So dumb.
Technologies you can just
change to like keep before
HTML links. Change it to like
some part of the project and
have the sub forces have that.
Yeah, just right now English
or yeah, yeah, just create
new sections and.
I'm just annoyed my grass is
gonna go now, it's just that.
Redo that Oh well, I I'll talk
to re update the GitHub.
Will always remember.
You can go through and take
it over and don't forget
Anthony, really like those
grades you did like that
he's really didn't like the
grass. We saw the effort.
I met with. Um, his comment.
The amount would you like me to
get a glossy A3 or black poster
size page with screenshots of
the website framed up center?
Yeah, if you don't mind.
Animal will send it, everybody
will just all sign it, you know.
Congratulations on 9.5
'cause you know it's gonna
exist forever on GitHub.
They'll put it into their
LTS storage eventually.
Just like Anthony's face 2000.
Plus you've got a copy of the
website on your GitHub, but
everybody's got a copy of it.
So I didn't hear that.
No.
It's gonna Tropic.
We lost her.
Sorry my bad.
Each time I'm exiting.
There you go again.
Yeah.
Did you want my fur?
Pardon.
Now, with an even better like it
held, no, not better microphone
now with an even.
City and microphone.
It's a feature. We cut it off
so that we like mid meeting in
the *** cracks. Explanation on
something microphone just
doesn't look like random
attenuating microphone.
Sorry, going again roles.
He's doing roles.
Licking again.
Didn't know was doing rolls I
could like. Go on to that.
'cause I already did like the
skills and jobs so if no one
else is doing roles I can
transition over to that, yeah.
Are you mocking these down? Mary
on who's doing what section?
I'm writing it down on just
the 'cause I got it printed,
so I'm writing it down now so
I can. I can add that to the
actions after.
Then when I go and look for
something that nobody's
delivered, I can be like.
Alright, otherwise I'll just
blame Shannon for not
delivering. Yeah, season by me.
Yeah, I can do roles. Yeah
Shannon's always on discord so
it's easy just to blame him.
There always is sitting there. I
have no life man, it's it's
hard. He's doing Skype.
Someone was.
I can do that if nobody else is.
I thought someone was already
doing it. We spoke about it
today. Yeah, OK, Barry was doing
it but he quit the group.
I think we got confused. Scope
and limits confuses plans in
progress before maybe.
Ice.
You meant today or.
Both today and so. This
is just saying what
we're going to deliver.
No, we've got to. We've got to
explain the scope of the project
and the limits.
Sorry yeah you need to write. We
need to write a paragraph on it.
Does that go with sort of
the timeline like alongside
the timeline?
I think that time time frames
more like how you allocate
different different tasks and
stuff. This one's more like.
What do you expect the
project to be at the end of
the project and like what
limitations there are and?
Hey hey, you might be able to
touch on that on the original
project. Plan to say you know
where I'm going to be doing
Facebook.
Yeah, we do want to do
these, but in the time we're
only going to do this.
This will be our
deliverables without the
just checks Facebook.
Yep.
I can do it if if
no one's on it and.
'cause I'm only I'm only doing
tools in tech and risks at the
moment so I've got a pretty.
The biggest sections.
If you get stuck then I can.
No worries.
There is. There is a good
chance of that.
Alright cool yeah, I'll take on.
Scoping limits then, alright.
'cause it's kinda like that
section that we did at the end
of the original project ready.
Yeah, I'll be using the original
project and feedback and then
I'll try and do as much as I can
and then I will ask for help. So
it's kind of like what outcome
was, except you know?
OK, well that's great.
Connie
just just hit it. It's an Apple
but needs to be hit.
Just pick it up.
I have a laptop.
Golden technologies
yeah, that's me, yeah.
Testing that for me.
I think she's saying this is
just doing the rest of the
assignments over. Thanks, thanks
so much. Thanks that is good.
If you want, maybe you can, you
can type in the chat. Just to
clarify. What you just said?
Audio issues or is Adam giving
me **** I know.
Actually, our issues.
Sorry that all good into one
long sound. Yes, there is audio
issues so everything you said
for the last 30 seconds we
couldn't hear anything.
So then you could hear that
for some reason, yeah.
It's it's like someone's got
the volume fader and they
just bring it down when you
start talking and then up
when you finish talking.
So that stupid Windows feature
of auto adjust volume. Oh, I
hate that. So annoying.
Is that all that someone wants?
He would have been good.
Oh yeah, I can do that, so we're
up to the tools and technologies
next. So that was you.
Yeah and yeah.
And so after that it was
testing.
Betty me.
Yes.
Add time frame.
Maddie.
And then I've gotta get it.
Hours and times from anything on
his work and risk was Daniel.
Groups and processes. So as far
as I know I'm doing that unless
someone else volunteered week at
the first meeting.
Sorry, that's me, so yeah,
that's similar to our
section where we did tools
on the website.
Good processes in.
Good communication and
that's it for the.
For that section. So there
we have skills and jobs
which I've mostly done.
Yeah, they look good, I said.
Well, if you know we got.
Yeah.
Report you can submit an
application and maybe we could
add that as part of the.
Charger.
Did not like it right
now. Or is it?
So if you are in my state
reimburses, yeah well if you if
you choose the role of project
manager and you can engage with
stakeholders and they start
giving us money then I've no
reason to pay you.
Risk it to get the biscuit.
So the next one is feedback.
Should think we are waiting
until we got the.
Results back
wait that.
The feedback is just spark plus
this time, yeah.
OK, otherwise copy and paste. I
don't know. We've we've got
feedback and then we've got a
group of FedEx and again, we're
just like the other refund.
They just signing up for so we
can take the feedback from that
so late too and make it group
reflection is a different title.
Yeah, now feedback. Spark plus
it just swaps around.
No, we had Christmas.
Feedback within the same as I
guess the group Flex Reflections
for this assignment in
particular so. Group collection
was named feedback class
assignment. No.
That's why I use the name
group reflection on the
website 'cause it was listed
as that on the sun.
It looks like it's
exactly the same.
You don't have to bother.
This is awesome.
It's backed up.
Save Google flexion. We each
get to write 200 words about
the group and we gotta do a
whole group of 400 words. What
went well? What could be
improved? So yeah, exactly the
same as the last one. So can
we just copy paste?
If we did copy and paste on
Skype Plus, and that game is
Tough Mudder.
He could have brought it up and
it says three quarter months.
This time, get it this
this orason just copy.
That took the lengthy email
where I had to try and be as
polite as possible.
Without, you know, ascending the
assessor. Yet, as the assessors
going the same person that
graded out last assignment is
going to great dies too.
Yeah yeah, yeah.
What if we just?
Hoping that maybe I can wield
the group reflection. So Sam's
becomes mine, mine becomes
someone else in a dollar. But
you know, just wagon wheel the
group information. So everyone
looks like it's different.
I don't think it was so I could
write like what's going to be
different this time around, but
the group reflection so. I guess
'cause like a lot of us are
doing, uh? Be more creative
roles. You could change it to be
like. You know, you know Matt is
like drawing was so great. I
felt I felt like I couldn't like
reach that level or something.
You know, yeah, you know,
specify each of the role so you
can just specify some of the new
elements from this assignment.
So you and I spoke.
Don't see other words. It
doesn't seem to do that, yeah?
Did you all get that message?
By the time we end this
semester, you should have
been working in a group
really 10 weeks, so you
will have to revolve
around. Be able to judge
how well your group is
performing as in assignment
to each of you should log
in as far plus tool.
To provide an assessment of each
person in the group, including
themselves. This will then
provide feedback to each of you,
and in particular on how the
rest of the team vision
performance. You do not need
to include any information
about the feedback you
receive, as this is intended
to give you experience with.
Uses the tools such as these.
Yes, it seems backs not in
the assignments.
Microphone.
Is that what you mean, right?
The group, yeah, but we
do have to do.
That's everything for the.
Like so. When we bring up the
actions from the meeting, I can
do like a summary of.
Like that sections that
everyone is doing.
Under the assessor that we had,
they wanted all the references
down in each section, not at the
end as separate pages. They
wanted it as a separate place.
They wanted this as a separate
page of the end for the report,
but the website to be at the end
I think I don't know.
Do I have to read that again
because that's how we do it on
the website where each section
had its own reference? But yeah,
I was. I was weirded by that.
'cause that's what I mean.
'cause we have here. We had
insight referencing that we had
end of thing referencing, but
the way I read it is that she
wanted that plus another whole
page of references. So she wants
so safe and like so for that one
where we did the individual end
was at the RIT technologies.
They wanted like
dissections to have there.
References there and then a
separate page at the end of the
report with them again is that
for the report she didn't want
him at the end of each section
she wants just a reference page
at the end, which doesn't make
sense. 'cause you know that each
each in turn their own report.
Yes, but they were combined into
a single report, so I guess.
Under
I don't. But how do you know
which one they're talking
about exactly? References act.
You could just completely
******** the references at the
end and you wouldn't know. If
that's what they want, they
mark it down for it next
time. Then we can appeal.
Yeah, but we could. We could do
it like a you know some
textbooks how you have like the.
Like the page that references at
the end you have like in an
appendix section and it has like
8 chapter and then all the
references face chapter. Yeah,
we could we could do something
like that. Yeah yeah, just put
headings in the final references
0 marks because we did that one.
Change their, change their mind.
They're like bipolar grading.
She also mentioned about like
page numbers in the in text
citations, but like most of the
rest of the references I used
were academic journals.
And like oh website. So
unless you're doing like a
book like you don't need to
specify the page number.
It is done for websites.
So that's why I didn't underst
make sense because I did exactly
the same thing at Sam, dated my
reports 'cause I want looked at
his and just copied what he done
in mind for the inside.
Yet she picked out Sam's badges.
Stupid accents.
Sing it.
Yes.
I mean they did. They did vary a
bit between us, but but not
enough to. Cause a problem.
Cause marks but anyway.
'cause I didn't update
that Mark today.
He didn't mention that.
He didn't mention it, but I
didn't mention anything about
or in particular about the
references. Yeah, 'cause I may
say that our report needs a
slight review on its
formatting. 5 marks with five
Marks and in the end we lose
so 5 marks for referencing it
doesn't, can we ask?
You just dropped out there.
Sorry it was going good
for a long time there.
Do do do.
Someone likes you.
That's my wife's message tone.
No.
She draws quick.
We can ask him to take a
look at our formatting.
We can ask Anthony again.
But there are, but there are.
There only gonna give us
feedback like so I guess it's
good or it's not so good. You
need to fix something. They're
not gonna give us exact answers
down, yes. So we should
be fine now.
Is Mary Garner if it
looks frozen?
You just typed.
So I think.
Should we, should we stop the
recording or yeah, yes, I think
we're done, yeah.